PDF Download
3746709.3746851.pdf
26 March 2026
Total Citations: 0

.

. Total Downloads: 301
.

Latest updates: hps://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/3746709.3746851 .
. Published: 29 August 2025
.

.

.

RESEARCH-ARTICLE Citation in BibTeX format
Displacement prediction strategy based on KCF in tracking ..

CIBDA 2025: 2025 6th International
Conference on Computer Information

SHENGJIE GUO, Beijing Institute of Technology, Beijing, China and Big Data Applications
.

March 14 - 16, 2025
.

. Wuhan, China
Open Access Support provided by: .

.

.

Beijing Institute of Technology
.

CIBDA '25: Proceedings of the 2025 6th International Conference on Computer Information and Big Data Applications (March 2025)
hps://doi.org/10.1145/3746709.3746851

ISBN: 9798400713163
.



Displacement prediction strategy based on KCF in tracking
Shengjie Guo∗

School of Automation
Beijing Institute of Technology

Beijing, China
3120200908@bit.edu.cn

Abstract In the discriminant class tracking method, algorithms based on cor-
Real-time and high precision tracking of moving targets is always relation filtering and deep learning[1][2][3] have been widely used.
a challenging subject in the field of target tracking. In this paper, Correlation filter tracking algorithm is a kind of tracking algorithm
based on the feature extraction and detection method of kernel which can learn and update the model in real time, and can realize
correlation filtering algorithm KCF, target displacement prediction real-time tracking[4][5]. MOSSE[6] algorithm introduces correla-
is introduced into the algorithm to achieve more accurate tracking tion filtering algorithm into the field of target tracking, MOSSE
effect. In addition, the scale pool and multi-feature (descriptor) algorithm goal is to train a filter, so that the square error between
strategy of SAMF algorithm are introduced and improved to achieve the cyclic correlation output and the desired label is minimal, and
real-time tracking of moving targets with higher precision. The the Fourier transform is used to transform the problem into the
experimental results show that the proposed algorithm achieves a frequency domain, and get a high-speed tracking effect, which
good tracking effect on moving targets, and has a good performance can reach more than 600 frames per second. Then on the basis
in tracking accuracy and tracking speed. of the MOSSE also developed many new algorithms, such as the

CN[7], CSK[8], KCF[9], DSST[10], SAMF[11], AutoTrack[12][13],
CCS Concepts etc. CT[14] algorithm is a fast, robust and simple method in discrim-
• Computing methodologies→ Artificial intelligence; Computer inant class tracking. CT algorithm uses the theory of compressed
vision; Computer vision problems; Tracking. sensing to classify and discriminate features after dimensionality

reduction to achieve tracking effect. CN algorithm uses color name
Keywords feature to describe target feature, which improves the effect of

tracking algorithm. CSK algorithm uses ridge regression, cyclic
KCF, SAMF, Displacement prediction, multi-feature, multi-scale matrix, fast Fourier transform and other methods to accelerate the
ACM Reference Format: calculation and training to get the filter, CSK algorithm uses gray
Shengjie Guo. 2025. Displacement prediction strategy based on KCF in features. Compared with CSK algorithm, KCF algorithm introduces
tracking. In 2025 6th International Conference on Computer Information and HOG feature, proposes multi-channel sample training strategy, and
Big Data Applications (CIBDA 2025), March 14–16, 2025, Wuhan, China.ACM, carries on some optimization to accelerate the calculation. Both
New York, NY, USA, 6 pages. https://doi.org/10.1145/3746709.3746851 DSST and SAMF algorithms put forward their own solutions to

1 INTRODUCTION the problem of scale change of tracking targets, and successfully
improve the accuracy and success rate of tracking, but the speed of

In recent years, with the rapid development of computer technol- tracking algorithms has decreased. AutoTrack algorithm proposes
ogy, the field of computer vision has made great progress, including an online automatic and adaptive learning method of relevant pa-
the field of target tracking. The use of visual target tracking technol- rameters, which can effectively use the local and global information
ogy to achieve real-time tracking of moving targets or continuous hidden in the response graph. In discriminant class tracking meth-
tracking of specific targets in video files has a wide range of applica- ods, many algorithms using deep learning methods have emerged
tion scenarios and application value. It is becoming more and more in recent years, but these methods are usually difficult to meet the
normal to use target tracking technology on various unmanned plat- requirements of real-time tracking. At the same time, due to the
forms, and the application of target tracking algorithm to ground hardware limitations of on-board calculators on mobile devices, it is
unmanned vehicle platform has quite high application value. difficult to run these deep learning-based target tracking algorithms

There are two kinds of visual object tracking methods: genera- well.
tive class tracking method and discriminant class tracking method. Now target tracking algorithm has a good performance in many
Since the generated class tracking method can not adapt to the com- scenes[15][16], but there are still some problems, such as tracking
plex and changeable tracking scene, it is gradually reduced in use. target scale change, target deformation and occlusion problems.
∗Corresponding author These problems may often be encountered when running object

tracking algorithms on unmanned platforms such as unmanned
vehicles[17]. In this case it is important to find an algorithm that
can solve these problems to a certain extent and does not require too

This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution International 4.0 License. much computing power. The performance of unmanned platform,
CIBDA 2025, Wuhan, China such as the on-board computer of unmanned vehicle, is relatively
© 2025 Copyright held by the owner/author(s). limited. In this case, it is a meaningful work to find a tracking
ACM ISBN 979-8-4007-1316-3/2025/03
https://doi.org/10.1145/3746709.3746851

820



CIBDA 2025, March 14–16, 2025, Wuhan, China Shengjie Guo

The following introduces the principles of KCF algorithm and
SAMF algorithm, which is the basis of the improved algorithm
proposed in this paper.

2.1 Principle of KCF algorithm
KCF algorithm is a target tracking algorithm based on and corre-
lation filters proposed in 2014. It has a wide range of applications
in target tracking, with high efficiency, accuracy and robustness.
KCF algorithm is based on discriminant tracking framework, uses
kernel function to build correlation filter, and tracks the target
through training samples. KCF algorithm generates multiple copies
through cyclic matrix, and uses each sample for regression training,
thus enhancing the performance of the tracker. KCF algorithm
mainly includes these parts: cyclic matrix, ridge regression, kernel
technique, feature extraction, fast detection and model updating.

2.1.1 Cyclic Matrix. Let’s say we have a vector represented by G ,
G = [G1, G2, G3, · · · , G=]) , and this vector represents information
about the object of interest, we call this vector base sample. Our
goal is to train a classifier using this basic sample and the many
samples that are used as negative samples using this basic sam-
ple transformation. % is the permutation matrix used to generate
negative samples. 0 0 0 · · · 1

 
% = 1 0 0 · · · 0

 
0 1 0 · · · 0
  (1)

 . . .

 . . . . . .
. . . . .

.
0 0 · · · 1 0

Take the permutation matrix and G product, shift %G =
Figure 1: Flow chart of tracking algorithm. [G=, G1, G2, · · · , G=−1]) , by the matrix pow}er %

DG can get a larger
shift. {

%DG |D = 0, · · ·= − 1 (2)
algorithm that can ensure the tracking effect and achieve the real-
time tracking speed. In this way, the circulation-based matrix can be

 G 1 G2 G3 · · · G=  obtained.Based on KCF algorithm, this paper obtains an improved algo-
rithm, which retains HOG feature, introduces gray feature and color 

 G G

 = 1 G2 · · · G=−1
name feature, introduces multi-scale pool strategy, and introduces 

- = G =−1 G= G1 · · · G=−2
target displacement prediction. This ensures the tracking speed of 
the target tracking algorithm and improves the tracking accuracy  (3)

 . . .
. . . .

 . . .
. . . . .

and success rate compared with the KCF algorithm, which is a good G2 G3 G4 · · · G 
1 

real-time tracking target tracking algorithm. The cyclic matrix can be made diagonal by discrete Fourier trans-

2 TRACKING ALGORITHMS form (DFT).
- = 3806 (Ĝ)  (4)

This paper presents an improved KCF algorithm which introduces
displacement prediction function, multi-feature and scale pool strat- where F is the constant matrix, Ĝ is the vector obtained by DFT, and
egy. Select the tracking target region in the first frame, calculate Ĝ = F (G). The cyclic matrix can be diagonalized in Fourier space.
the characteristic value and relevant parameters according to the KCF algorithm uses this property to reduce the computation and
target region, predict the target operation according to the target improve the running speed of the algorithm.
displacement difference between the present frame and the previ- 2.1.2 Ridge Regression. Ridge regression is an improved least
ous frame from the second frame, adjust the target detection region, square method, which introduces regularization terms based on
and calculate the response value of the target region of different least square method. When using a linear model, 5 (I) = l) I, this
sizes according to the scale pool, select the region with the largest function can minimize∑the square error of sample G8 and regressionresponse value, no matter the first frame or the next frame. The target ~8 .features used are the integration of HOG feature, gray feature and
CN feature. The algorithm flow chart is shown in Figure 1. <8= (5 (G8 ) − ~ 2

8 ) + _‖l ‖2 (5)
l 8

821



Displacement prediction strategy based on KCF in tracking CIBDA 2025, March 14–16, 2025, Wuhan, China

Taking the partial deriv(ative of l )yields: 2.1.6 Model Update. KCF algorithm calculates the current model
′

−1 Û in the first frame, and records the current model U in each sub-
l = -)- + _ -)~ (6) sequent frame. The model of each subsequent frame is obtained by

Since all subsequent calculations are performed in the Fourier linear interpolation between the current model and the previous
domain, where values are generally complex numbers, the formula model, with a learning rate of [ and a size between 0 and 1. Then:
becomes: ( ) ′

U = (1 − [) U U (17)
− =4F >;3 + [
1

l = -- + _ -~ (7)
2.2 Principle of SAMF algorithm

Since - is a cyclic matrix, we can further obtain: Based on KCF algorithm, since kernel correlation function only
Ĝ∗  ~̂ needs to compute dot product and vector norm, multi-channel

l̂ =
Ĝ∗  + (8)

Ĝ _ image features can be used. Assuming that multiple channels of
2.1.3 Kernel Trick. When dealing with data, nonlinear data is of- feature data are connected into a vector G = [G1, G2, · · · , G ], then
ten encountered. KCF algorithm uses kernel trick to map linearly equation (12

mensional space and make it linearly () can)be changed to:
indivisible data into high-di 
divisible. If the mapping func∑tion is G ‖ 2

i (G)a, then: ′ © 1 ©
: exp ­«− ­ (  

‖ 2 + ′
G

G, G = )ª
′ ®ª® (18)

f2
l = U i (G «−2F −1 ∑

 Ĝ
∗
2  Ĝ2

8 8 ) (9) ¬¬
8

The solution to lgorithm to use the fusion of multiple features

 equation (5) becom This allows the a

 es: to get better results. In addition to the gray pixels of the original
<8= i (- ) i (- ))U − ~2  

+  2
_i (- ))U (10) image, the SAMF algorithm also uses HOG features and CN features.

U HOG feature and CN feature complement each other. HOG feature
Taking the derivative of U and setting the derivative equal to 0, focuses on gradient change of image, while CN feature focuses on

we get: formation.
U =( color in

( + _ )−1~ ) In addition, for the case that KCF can’t handle the scaling change
−1 (11) in video, SAMF algorithm adds a scale adaptive method to deal

= i (- ) i (- )) + _ ~ with the scaling change of tracking target. Suppose that the sample
where K is the kernel matrix, KCF algorithm generally uses Gauss- size is () = (BG , B~), the scale pool is ( = {C1, C2, · · · , C: }, and the
ian kernel function to calculate, Gaussian kernel function makes original target window size is (C , then in the current frame, SAMF
the kernel m(atrix is a cyc(lic matrix.  algorithm samples k sizes in {C8(C |C8 ∈ (} to find the appropriate

size, and after adjusting the size to () , the final response value is()′  ′ )
2

: G, G = ex(p − 1

G − G 
f2 ( ) ) calculated by the following formula:

(12) ( )
2

exp 1 ‖ + ′ − argmax −1 5̂ IC8− (19)
G 2F −1

2 ‖G 2   )
Ĝ∗  ′

= Ĝ
f

where IC8 is the sample size of C8() , adjusted to () . After obtaining
Eventually, we can get it. a vector by the corresponding function, by calculating its largest

( ~̂ ) scalar, find the subscript of the maximum value, and get C8 . The
Û = (13) scaling of tracking objects in video is handled by adaptive change

:̂GG + _ and selection of scale pool.
2.1.4 Feature Extraction. KCF algorithm extracts and characterizes 2.3 Improved Algorithm
the target information by using FHOG features reduced by PCA,
and finally obtains 31-dimensional features. The resulting FHOG 2.3.1 Displacement Prediction. The object tracked by the un-
features provide a method to integrate high-dimensional features manned platform often moves at a constant speed or changes
into the correlation filter framework through pixel-level feature quickly in a short period of time. In this case, the displacement
mapping and discretization of gradient direction, and have a good between the current frame and the last frame can be estimated
performance in target tracking tasks. according to the displacement changes of the first two frames. As-

suming uniform linear motion, the position of the current frame is
2.1.5 Fast Detection. KCF algorithm also simplifies and accelerates as follows:
the detection process, using  I to represent the kernel matrix

) %C = %C−1 + (%C−1 − %C−2) (20)
between all training samples and c(andidate regions, then: where %C is the position of the current frame, %C−1 is the position

 I =  :GI (14) of the previous frame, and %C−2 is the position of the target two
From formula (9), it can be obt(aine)d: frames ago.

In the KCF algorithm, the current target region is multiplied by
5 (I) )

=  I U (15) coefficient padding to get the region to be detected. If the target
Fourier transform diagonalization gives: moves too fast, it may move out of the region to be detected, and

it is more likely to move to the edge of the region to be detected.
5̂ (I) = :̂GI  U (16) However, the region to be detected is itself used by superimposed

822



CIBDA 2025, March 14–16, 2025, Wuhan, China Shengjie Guo

cosine window. When the target moves too fast to the edge of deformation (DEF), motion blur (MB), fast motion (FM), in-plane
the area to be detected, the target information is likely to be lost, rotation (IPR), out-of-plane rotation (OPR), out-of-field of view
resulting in tracking failure. (OV), background clutter (BC), and low resolution (LR).

In practical application, when the displacement of the first two
frames is too small, it is considered not to perform position esti- 3.1 Evaluation Metrics and Methodology for
mation, and two thresholds `1 and `2 are set. At the same time, Algorithms
considering that the tracking target is not moving uniformly in a OTB data sets are evaluated in One Pass Evaluation (OPE), Tempo-
straight line, the displacement of the first two frames is multiplied rally Robust Evaluation (TRE) and Spatial Robust Evaluation (TRE).
by a coefficient ^ and then the position estimation can cope with a SRE). In this paper, OPE evaluation method is adopted. OPEmethod
variety of motion situations of the object. Therefore, the position initializes the first frame with ground-truth target position, and
estimation of the current frame based on displacement prediction then runs tracking algorithm to get average accuracy and success
is: rate.

%C = %C−1 + ^ (%C−1 − %C−2) , `1 < |%C−1 − %C−2 | < `2 (21) Accuracy refers to the accuracy of tracking the target’s position.
2.3.2 Scale Estimation. Drawing on and learning the idea of SAMF In the evaluation of tracking accuracy, the center position error is a
algorithm’s scale pool, this paper sets up a 3-scale scale pool to widely used criterion, which is the average pixel distance (Euclidean
carry out traversal calculation and comparison of tracking targets distance) between the center position of the tracking target and
to find the most appropriate scale size for each frame. Because the exact position manually labeled. In general, the average center
SAMF algorithm sets a 7-scale scale pool, it will take more time position error of all frames in a sequence is used to evaluate the
to traverse calculation and comparison. The 3-scale scale pool in overall performance of the tracking algorithm for the sequence.
this paper improves the speed of the tracking algorithm without However, when the tracker loses the target, the predicted tracking
affecting the accuracy and success rate of tracking too much. position is random, and the average error value may not accurately

Assuming that the sample size is evaluate the performance of the tracker. Therefore, the OTB data
() = (BG , B~), the scale pool is set was further expanded into an accuracy curve to calculate the

( = {C1, C2, · · · , C: }, and the interval between different scales of the
SAMF algorithm is BX , then the scale pool ( setting of the SAMF successful tracking ratio under different threshold distances, and
algorithm is: the value corresponding to a threshold of 20 pixels was adopted as

a representative accuracy evaluation index.
( = {1 − 3BX , 1 − 2BX , 1 − BX , 1, 1 + BX , 1 + 2BX , 1 + 3BX } (22) Success rate refers to the percentage of success in the tracking

The scale pool Settings in this paper are: area. Because the center position error cannot evaluate the scale
change of the target in the tracking process, an evaluation criterion

(pool = {1 − 2BX , 1, 1 + 2BX } (23) based on the area overlap ratio is proposed, and the performance
After such adjustment, the algorithm can make effective adjust- of the tracking algorithm is measured by the area overlap ratio

ment to the scale change of the tracking target without wasting between the bounding box obtained by the statistical tracking al-
too much computing resources and time. gorithm and the accurate bounding box marked manually. Firstly,
2.3.3 Multi-Feature. To learn the multi-feature fusion of SAMF overlap score (OS) is defined. bounding box (denoted as a) obtained
algorithm, this paper uses FHOG feature, gray feature and CN by tracking algorithm and box (denoted as b) given by ground-truth
feature to improve the tracking effect of tracking targets through are defined as: 
the fusion of multi-feature information. FHOG feature extracts  

0 ∩ 1 
$( =  4)

0 ∪ 1  (2
the gradient information of tracking targets, gray feature and CN
feature show the color features of tracking targets, and FHOG has When the OS of a certain frame is greater than the set threshold,
31-dimensional information. Gray feature and CN feature have a the frame is considered a Success, and the percentage of the total
total of 11 dimensions of information, and the fused feature has a successful frames in all frames is the Success rate. The value of
total of 42 information, which does not increase much information OS ranges from 0 to 1, so you can plot the success rate of the
compared with the original FHOG feature information, but plays a threshold change from 0 to 1. Then, the Area Under Curve (AUC)
good role. of the success rate curve is used to measure the success rate of the

tracking algorithm.
3 EXPERIMENTS
All tracking algorithms were run on Windows 10, 64bit systems 3.2 Qualitative Analysis
using MATLAB R2022b simulation software. The CPU of this com- In this part, Human6 sequence, boy sequence and Car1 sequence
puter is Intel i9 13900KF, the running frequency is 3GHz, the GPU is in OTB data set are taken as examples to compare and analyze
NVIDIA GeForce RTX 4090, the video memory is 24GB, the memory the effect of the tracking algorithm. Human6 sequence has 5 at-
is 32GB. tributes, such as scale transformation, occlusion, deformation, fast

The data set tested by the algorithm in this paper is OTB100, movement and out of view. boy sequence has 5 attributes: scale
which is a data set established in 2015. It has 98 video sequences change, motion blur, fast motion, in-plane rotation, out-of-plane
and 100 tracking targets, including both grayscale images and color rotation, Car1 has 4 attributes: illumination change, scale change,
images. OTB100 has 11 different attribute categories, They are background clutter, low resolution. There are 6 tracking algorithms
illumination variation (IV), scale variation (SV), Occlusion (OCC), for comparison, which are the present algorithm, CT algorithm,

823



Displacement prediction strategy based on KCF in tracking CIBDA 2025, March 14–16, 2025, Wuhan, China

Figure 2: Tracking effects of different sequences in OTB data set.

CSK algorithm, KCF algorithm, DSST algorithm and SAMF algo-
rithm. The tracking area of these algorithms is represented by a
square box, among which the algorithm in this paper is represented
by a red box, the CT algorithm is represented by a green box, the
CSK algorithm is represented by a blue box, the KCF algorithm
is represented by a black box, the DSST algorithm is represented
by a pink box, and the SAMF algorithm is represented by a cyan
box. In Figure 2, the first row represents the tracing effect of the
Human6 sequence, the second row represents the tracing effect of
the boy sequence, and the third row represents the tracing effect of
the Car1 sequence.

At the beginning of the Human6 sequence, CT algorithm did not
track the target, then CSK algorithm and KCF algorithm also lost
track of the target, and then around 394 frames, DSST algorithm also
lost track of the target, and finally SAMF algorithm also lost track
of the target, only the algorithm in this paper is still tracking. This
shows that the algorithm in this paper has excellent performance Figure 3: Precision.
in 5 attributes such as fast motion, scale change and deformation.
In boy sequence and Car1 sequence, the proposed algorithm, DSST
algorithm and SAMF algorithm can track the target well, which SAMF algorithm are tested on the whole OTB data set, and the
shows that the proposed algorithm also has good performance results are compared. The experimental results are shown in Figure
in motion ambiguity, in-plane rotation, low resolution and other 3, Figure 4 and Table 1.
attributes. Based on the above analysis, the algorithm in this paper Figure 3 shows the accuracy of these 6 algorithms tested on
has a good performance in processing the fast motion and scale OTB100 data set. The results show that compared with KCF algo-
transformation of the tracking target, and also has a good effect on rithm, the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm is improved by
other attributes. 6.5%, and compared with SAMF algorithm, the proposed algorithm

is improved by 0.2%.
3.3 Quantitative Analysis Figure 4 shows the success rate of these 6 algorithms tested on
In this part, six algorithms including the proposed algorithm, CT OTB100 data set. Compared with KCF algorithm, the effectiveness
algorithm, CSK algorithm, KCF algorithm, DSST algorithm and of this algorithm increased by 11.4%, while compared with SAMF

824



CIBDA 2025, March 14–16, 2025, Wuhan, China Shengjie Guo

Table 1: Speed of the algorithms.

Algorithms CT CSK KCF DSST SAMF Ours
Speed(frame/s) 324 968 404 59 48 92

References
[1] Marvasti-Zadeh S M, Cheng L, Ghanei-Yakhdan H, et al. Deep learning for vi-

sual tracking: A comprehensive survey[J]. IEEE Transactions on Intelligent
Transportation Systems, 2021, 23(5): 3943-3968.

[2] Gao S, Zhou C, Ma C, et al. Aiatrack: Attention in attention for transformer
visual tracking[C]//European conference on computer vision. Cham: Springer
Nature Switzerland, 2022: 146-164.

[3] Yan B, Peng H, Fu J, et al. Learning spatio-temporal transformer for visual track-
ing[C]//Proceedings of the IEEE/CVF international conference on computer
vision. 2021: 10448-10457.

[4] Cao D, Dai R,Wang J, et al. Fast visual tracking with squeeze and excitation region
proposal network[J]. Human-Centric Computing and Information Sciences, 2023.

[5] Fernández-Sanjurjo M, Mucientes M, Brea V M. Real-time multiple object visual
tracking for embedded GPU systems[J]. IEEE Internet of Things Journal, 2021,
8(11): 9177-9188.

[6] Bolme D S, Beveridge J R, Draper B A, et al. Visual object tracking using adaptive
correlation filters[C]//2010 IEEE computer society conference on computer vision
and pattern recognition. IEEE, 2010: 2544-2550.

[7] Danelljan M, Shahbaz Khan F, Felsberg M, et al. Adaptive color attributes for
real-time visual tracking[C]//Proceedings of the IEEE conference on computer
vision and pattern recognition. 2014: 1090-1097.

[8] Henriques J F, Caseiro R, Martins P, et al. Exploiting the circulant structure
Figure 4: Success rate. of tracking-by-detection with kernels[C]//Computer Vision–ECCV 2012: 12th

European Conference on Computer Vision, Florence, Italy, October 7-13, 2012,
Proceedings, Part IV 12. Springer Berlin Heidelberg, 2012: 702-715.

[9] Henriques J F, Caseiro R, Martins P, et al.High-speed tracking with kernelized cor-
algorithm, the difference between this algorithm and SAMF algo- relation filters[J]. IEEE transactions on pattern analysis and machine intelligence,
rithm is 1.1%. In combination with Table 1, it can be seen that the 2014, 37(3): 583-596.

algorithm in this paper runs nearly twice as fast as SAMF algorithm, [10] Danelljan M, Häger G, Khan F, et al. Accurate scale estimation for robust visual
tracking[C]//British machine vision conference, Nottingham, September 1-5,

which indicates that the algorithm in this paper has better real-time 2014. Bmva Press, 2014.
performance when the accuracy rate is slightly improved compared [11] Li Y, Zhu J. A scale adaptive kernel correlation filter tracker with feature in-

tegration[C]//Computer Vision-ECCV 2014 Workshops: Zurich, Switzerland,
with SAMF algorithm and the success rate is not different. September 6-7 and 12, 2014, Proceedings, Part II 13. Springer International Pub-

lishing, 2015: 254-265.
4 CONCLUSION [12] Li Y, Fu C, Ding F, et al. AutoTrack: Towards high-performance visual tracking

for UAV with automatic spatio-temporal regularization[C]//Proceedings of the
In this paper, an improved target tracking algorithm based on KCF IEEE/CVF conference on computer vision and pattern recognition. 2020: 11923-
algorithm is proposed. The scale pool module and multi-feature 11932.

[13] CHEN Lin, LIU Yungang. UAV Visual Target Tracking Algorithms: Review and
method of SAMF algorithm are learned by reference, and the dis- Future Prospect[J]. INFORMATION AND CONTROL, 2022, 51(1): 23-40. DOI:
placement prediction module is added. The experimental results 10.13976/j.cnki.xk.2022.1144

show that the proposed algorithm has excellent performance com- [14] K. Zhang, L. Zhang, and M. Yang, “Real-time compressive tracking,” in Pro-
ceedings of European Conference on Computer Vision, pp. 864–877, 2012. 1,

pared with CSK algorithm, KCF algorithm, DSST algorithm, SAMF 8
algorithm, etc., and can track the target well when the target is fast [15] Liu S, Liu D, Muhammad K, et al. Effective template update mechanism in visual

tracking with background clutter[J]. Neurocomputing, 2021, 458: 615-625.
moving and the scale changes. Compared with KCF algorithm, the [16] Alawode B, Dharejo F A, Ummar M, et al. Improving underwater visual tracking
proposed algorithm can improve the performance and ensure the with a large scale dataset and image enhancement[J]. arXiv preprint arXiv:
running speed of the algorithm. 2308.15816, 2023.

[17] Li J, Zhang K, Gao Z, et al. SiamPRA: An Effective Network for UAV Visual
Tracking[J]. Electronics, 2023, 12(11): 2374.

825